Update index.rst (#349)
luxonis/depthai-docs-website: source/index.rst

    - This example demonstrates how to do host-side WLS filtering using the rectified_right and depth stream from DepthAI API
  * - `QR code scanner <https://github.com/luxonis/depthai-experiments/tree/master/gen2-qr-code-scanner>`__
    - QR Code detection model running on the device combined with on-host QR code decoder
  * - `Deploy Roboflow models <blog.roboflow.com/deploy-roboflow-model-luxonis-depth-sdk>`__

>     - Deploy over 10,000 pre-trained computer vision models from Roboflow Universe and your own Roboflow custom models

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Deploy over 10,000 pre-trained AI models from Roboflow Universe and your own Roboflow custom models
```
